= Warden OpenID Strategy

== Install

 $ gem install warden-openid

== Usage

=== 1. Configure Warden uses OpenID strategy

 require 'warden-openid'

 use Rack::Session::Cookie
 use Rack::OpenID
 use Warden::Manager do |manager|
   manager.default_strategies :openid
   manager.failure_app = FailureApp
 end

=== 2. Setup user finder

 Warden::OpenID.user_finder do |response|
   User.find_by_identity_url(response.identity_url)
 end

_response_ is an instance of <tt>OpenID::Consumer::Response</tt>.

=== 3. Create route and view

Example by Sinatra and Haml:

 post '/signin' do
   authenticate!
 end

 %form(action='/signin' method='post')
   %input(type='text' name='openid_identifier')
   %input(type='submit' value='Sign in')

This strategy starts with _openid_identifier_ parameter.

You may need to customize <tt>/unauthenticated</tt> route. Please refer to examples directory for details.

== Caveats

If you use this with Rails, please don't use <tt>OpenID::Store::Memory</tt>. A problem occurs by class reloading in the development mode.

For example, <tt>OpenID::Store::Filesystem</tt> is used instead:

 require 'openid/store/filesystem'
 Rails.configuration.middleware.use Rack::OpenID, OpenID::Store::Filesystem.new(Rails.root + 'tmp/openid')

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Keita Urashima. See LICENSE for details.
